Good morning, family.
I'm excited to be with you all again today.
I have a word for you all, but these are just conversations that I have with the Lord.
I'm going to get right to it; I don't want to waste your time.
I'm going to talk to you about some things that the Lord has talked to me about because I was asking the Lord, 'Lord, what do you have for your people?
What do you want me to talk about today with them?
' And he said, 'Brandon, just tell them what you know.
' I go back and forth with it, asking what he wants me to talk to his people about, and like I said, he just said, 'Tell them what you know.
' Every year I've noticed—this is one of the conversations I had with him—that people get colds and the flu a lot during the winter season.
Viruses and things like that seem to be really rampant.
I know a lot of people are indoors during that timeframe, but I was just curious about it, asking questions: 'How do you keep yourself healthy?
How do you keep yourself from getting the flu and all these other things?
' He told me, 'Brandon, people are indoors more and more, behind desk jobs and things like that.
They're in the house; they're not out active in the summer getting their D3 levels up.
' He said to me—and this is for me and my house; I am not giving medical advice here, you need to ask your doctor for your health because everybody's different.
Everybody has a different blood chemistry and a different chemistry in their body altogether.
I'm just telling you what he told me to do for my family so you can pray about it, go to your doctor, and ask them what you need for your body.
Have them check your D3 levels.
Whenever the Lord spoke to me about this, I went and had my D3 levels checked—my wife, all of us—to see where we were because I was curious about it.
After the Lord speaks to you, I follow up and get knowledge about what he's talking about instead of just making sure it's not your flesh.
We all hear in part and see in part, and sometimes we can miss it.
So I go out and I test it, and I say, 'Lord, I want to make sure I'm hearing you correctly,' because we're all human, we're all a work in progress, and we're all striving to get better and better.
I'm not going to say every time I hear him that it's always God, because I've missed it.
I just say, 'Lord, we're all doing the best we can.
' I went and tested my blood levels, and my levels were really, really low at the time.
The doctor said, 'You can increase it by taking some D3.
' Well, it went along identically with what the Lord said.
He told me personally for my kids, by the month of October every single year, to start taking 10,000 IUS of D3 and K2.
Now, the K2 is just what usually comes with the vitamin that's already there.
You get it at a health food store or you can get it on Amazon.
There are a lot of places that sell D3/K2 combo mixes, but we take 10,000 IUs every single day through October, November, December, January, and February, and we get our levels pretty high.
For us, that is above 60.
Like I said, you ask the doctor what's best for you and your health and go with that, but I'm just telling you what we do.
I've talked to my doctor, and the doctor said it was good for us.
The Lord was showing me that this was a big deal concerning the flu virus and to take care of your body this way.
I'm just trying to tell you all little things that the Lord has spoken to me about along the way.
Now, I found a Doctor Garland, and I believe he's in Colorado Springs.
I'll reach out to him and ask if he'd like to be on our show.
He is a naturopathic doctor.
He is not an MD, but he is a naturopathic doctor, and he talks a lot on other shows; I've heard him on other YouTube channels.
He is brilliant; he did a lot of medicine overseas—a lot of natural stuff from the earth, greens, and things like that.
'AskDrGarland.
com' is what his website was that I remember.
I used to get his stuff all the time, too.
He had shark liver oil and all kinds of really cool products that he was selling on there—keeping your iodine levels up, good for your thyroid.
There is all kinds of amazing stuff.
I'm really into health and things in the earth that the Lord has provided for us.
He gave us all these amazing herbs, greens, and grasses to help us with our bodies.
Another thing: I have been interceding for this lady.
I don't know who you are, but if you're watching this right now and you've not passed on to be with the Lord yet, this is heavy.
The Lord was talking to me about the Christmas season, and he said, 'Brandon, I really want my people to enjoy this season right now with family.
There are not very many more of them left.
' He said, 'My son is coming,' and he was warning me.
This dispensation of time is coming to an end.
It was beautiful the way he said it because I saw it for a glimpse through his eyes—the way he sees us during these times with family through what we celebrate in America as Thanksgiving, the Christmas season, and the beginning of the New Year.
There is beauty in family time.
This dispensation of time is coming to an end, and we're about to enter into the thousand-year reign.
That timeframe is going to be different than what we've ever seen before.
It won't be like this, so we need to embrace life more.
He was saying, 'Brandon, I want you to enjoy life.
I want you to enjoy your kids and enjoy family more, to embrace it because it's beautiful.
' All of a sudden, I was just interceding, and I saw this lady.
She was laying in bed and she was grabbing the side of her bed, fighting to stay alive.
She was at the end of her life.
This woman was probably in her 90s, but she regretted every year prior—all the years coming to the end in total dread, thinking, 'I didn't do what I wanted to do.
I didn't live the way I wanted to live.
I wish I could have done things differently.
I wish I would have raised my kids differently.
' She had so many regrets.
I believe this woman really exists because she was fighting to stay alive, gripping the sides of her sheets because her body was trying to slip over into eternity, but she was fighting it.
She did not want to die because she didn't have full confidence that she was going to make it to heaven.
She didn't believe that Jesus had forgiven her when she confessed her sins.
The Bible says, 'If you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
' She did not have total confidence in what she had said out of her mouth because of how bad her past was.
She was at the end of her life, clinging to the side of a bed, trying to fight death because she was so scared and tormented by it.
She did not have confidence that Jesus Christ had forgiven her.
She wrestled with this a lot, and that's why she was fighting in that bed.
The Lord showed me her children.
She had three beautiful children, and she had not raised them in a God-fearing home.
She was worried about leaving this earth because she wanted to be a better mother to them and show them that Jesus is real, trying to get them out of the grasp of hell that she raised them in.
It was heartbreaking.
As an intercessor, I wept over this for two days, praying for this woman because I could see her in the spirit every time I went before the Father, holding onto sheets.
She was dying in bed, fighting with everything she could because she didn't want to let go.
It's appointed unto man once to die.
All of us are going to die.
Jesus is coming, yes, but there's an elderly generation right now...
we all know everybody's appointed to die.
If Jesus tarries and doesn't come back in the next 20 or 30 years, there's going to be a lot of people who go to the graveside.
But there can be an assurance, peace, and joy in going home to be with him.
I was sitting right where I'm at now, interceding for that lady, and I dozed off.
I felt peace as I left my body.
God gave me a dream where I had passed away, and I felt peace.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
There is no fear in death when you are a believer and you have Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior.
I was interceding for this woman and the Lord put her on my heart.
All of a sudden, I just dozed off and I felt it: death is peaceful.
I know it was just a dream, but I believe my dreams are spiritual.
I've never tasted death, but in my spirit, what I felt right then was not fearful; there was peace, joy, and love.
If you ponder on death a lot, it can bring some fear, but the Bible says there is a generation that will not taste death.
Jesus told me, 'Brandon, your generation—this generation—you will not.
' There will be a rapture of the church, a catching away of my people.
You are not appointed unto wrath.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus is coming soon.
As the world turns every day, there are people going into eternity all the time.
After I saw that woman being so tormented by the spirit of death, so afraid of the decisions that she made for the last 90 years...
she looked real elderly to me, with gray hair and a wrinkly face, holding onto that bed.
Is your heart right with Jesus?
If you die today, are you going to an eternity of fire, or are you going to an eternity of paradise?
Eternity is forever.
Are you really ready?
Is this the last Christmas season that you're going to experience?
You may wake up tomorrow and be with him in paradise forever, or you could be in a devil's hell forever.
Hell was made for the fallen angels and the devil.
You choose hell by rejecting Jesus.
Jesus paid the price for you.
You don't have to die and go to hell.
You can train up a child in the way he should go, and when he gets older, he'll not depart from it.
I believe if your children are wayward, God can turn them around in just a moment.
They can have a dream or an encounter with an angel.
He's faithful, and he loves you.
I really believe with all my heart somebody needs to hear this today: Jesus loves you and he has a plan for your life.
When I saw that woman tormented, I interceded for her, and the Lord brought it up in my heart: 'This dispensation of time is coming to an end.
The dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
We're getting ready to go into the tribulation.
' There's a seven-year tribulation coming, and we're going to step over into that soon.
It is hell on earth, but it is not for you.
I had a neighbor named Barney.
He was an elderly gentleman, and he was walking outside.
The Lord said, 'I want you to go outside and ask him if he's born again and if he knows me.
' He said, 'Brandon, he doesn't know me, and if he dies tonight, son, he's going to spend eternity in hell.
' So I went over and said, 'Barney, I've known you for a long time.
' I said, 'The Lord wants me to ask you: do you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
' He said, 'No, I do not.
Nobody in any church is ever going to want a hypocrite like me.
Jesus doesn't want me.
' I said, 'Barney, Jesus told me to come and talk to you and ask you to get born again.
' He said, 'I don't want anything to do with religion.
I've lived a very ornery life, and nobody wants a hypocrite like me in church.
' I just kept pursuing him.
He said, 'I don't want to talk about this.
' He was elderly, so I just kind of...
his son was looking at me like, 'Leave my dad alone.
' I said, 'Well, Barney, I'm sorry to hear you say that, but I'm going to keep praying for you.
' Three weeks later, Barney passed away.
I pray that in that time he had an opportunity to reconsider.
As far as I know, Barney's in hell, but just maybe he accepted him.
I'm just going to believe the best.
But from what I saw, Barney went to hell, and that bothered me a lot.
When he passed away, his wife, Marie...
I used to witness to her a little bit.
It's so important that you're a witness to your neighbors and that you tell them about Jesus.
None of us are promised tomorrow.
Have you made Jesus your Lord and personal Savior?
Don't be like Barney and say that you don't want a hypocrite in church.
Your past doesn't matter.
You can confess your sins and Jesus will forgive you right where you are.
In eternity, Jesus will forgive you.
You need to just ask him for forgiveness and forgive yourself.
The Bible says he has a sea of forgetfulness; he casts your sins into it and remembers them no more.
You've got to forgive those that have despitefully wronged you.
I have to do that all the time.
The devil will try to bring it to your mind.
I had memories about this even a couple of days ago, and I said, 'No, that's under the blood.
I refuse to be tormented by that anymore.
' Whenever the devil reminds you of your past, you remind him of his future.
You say, 'Hey, sucker, you're going to burn in hell forever.
' Don't be Barney.
Accept Jesus as your Lord and Savior.
I pray Barney did, but I didn't see fruit of it.
It's time for your salvation, your healing, and your miracle.
Father, I just thank you that every person represented here today would know you intimately.
They have a relationship with you and a knowing that Jesus paid the price for their sins.
They are healed by his stripes and delivered.
I thank you for every single person represented here, that they don't have to be afraid of death.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
I pray for a spirit of peace that passes all understanding.
We bind the spirit of torment in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that they will not be tormented by death or satanic bondage.
I want you to repeat this prayer after me: 'Jesus, come into my heart.
Wash me and cleanse me from all my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Father, I give my heart to you.
Jesus, come into me, live in me, abide in me.
I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Jesus, I commit my life to you.
' For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life.
You've got to believe that he died for you and rose again on the third day.
It's that quick and easy.
Look at the man on the cross.
He said, 'Will you remember me?
' and Jesus said, 'Today you'll be with me in paradise.
' I really appreciate you watching.
Put a thumbs up and click that notification bell.
It really helps get the gospel out and helps people know more about Jesus.
We're almost to 90,000 subscribers, close to 100,000.
That's my goal for this year.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
We will see you next time.
Bye-bye.